do not
hello my name is but and I am part of a
world of crafts today
I'm going to teach you how to prepare these
malted choices in the form of
ghosts for your parties
halloween the original canoes and the
Share with your friends the materials
what are we going to need are a cup of
Milk from 2 to 5 scoops of ice cream cups
straw
dark chocolate sparks for
melt
and whipped cream
we put our chocolate sparks in
a water bath container to melt
the
be very careful that water does not
touch this chocolate as it will be ruined
and we do not want to waste the food
I remember to mix the chocolate so that
melts faster
already with our melted chocolate with
very careful we will put with help from
a stick the little eyes and the mouth of
our ghost in the glass
the face of our ghost is ready
we put our glasses to the freezer
a few minutes
i
now we will prepare the shake we add
the milk cup
our ice cream balls among more
ice cream you put more special will be the
milk shake
and we liquefy to make it more consistent
ah
now it only remains to empty the milkshake in
our arms
and we make some texts copetes with the
whipped cream
and remember that a shake is not a
malted without the capes so it is not
you forget to put them ready we have
some delicious ghosts
I hope you liked this easy and
delicious recipe for these holidays
halloween and do not forget to subscribe to
channel if you want the fears that
come as dest 10 and give it like
this video we see in the next video
way
ah